# CS319-Club-Manager-Group3J-Group1
# Backend (Spring Boot) can be found in master branch. Frontend (React) can be found in frontend-react branch.
Student clubs are possibly one of the most important parts of a university. These clubs provide students with opportunities to have friendships, enrich their lives as a student and gain skills and experience in leadership, communication. We, therefore, propose a web-based Student Club Management System that will facilitate the participation of students in student clubs and their follow-up to the club activities. Moreover, club managers will have an opportunity to control their clubs and activities. Therefore, the system will be developed to make both students’ and club managers’ lives easier.

Club1.com aims to provide a well-organized and user-friendly interface to students, in order to facilitate their membership operations for student clubs. Students are able to view all of the student clubs operating in their university, attend their activities, be informed about their fundamental purposes, and be a member of them. Students can also create calendars for themselves by including their courses, planned other activities and club events to be able to manage their schedules easily. Furthermore, the system provides every student with the opportunity of creating a club if their request is approved by the student affairs. Having created the club, club owners can assign management roles to students who want to take part in the club. Club managers can explain the aim of their clubs, create club activities, and organize club members by using Club1.com. Ultimately, Club1.com is planned to have at least the following features: Student and Club Profiles, Club Search and Creation, Organization of Club Activities, Club Membership Operations, Club Information, Upcoming Activities and Announcements, Personal and Club Calendars, Messages and Friendships.
